Fix/documentation installation (#1087)
esm-tools/esm_tools: docs/introduction.rst

Introduction
============

Welcome to the user documentation of the `ESM-Tools` software. 
    

> `ESM-Tools` is a collection of command-line tools to download and build different simulation models for the Earth system, such as atmosphere, ocean, geo-biochemistry, hydrology, sea-ice and ice-sheet models, as well as coupled Earth System Models (ESMs). It also includes the functionality to write unified runscripts to carry out model simulations for different model setups (standalone and ESMs) on different Hight Performance Computer (HPC) systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ESM-Tools` is a collection of command-line tools to download and build different simulation models for the Earth system, such as atmosphere, ocean, geo-biochemistry, hydrology, sea-ice and ice-sheet models, as well as coupled Earth System Models (ESMs). It also includes the functionality to write unified runscripts to carry out model simulations for different model setups (standalone and ESMs) on different High Performance Computing (HPC) systems.
```

> `ESM-Tools` is a collection of command-line tools to download and build different simulation models for the Earth system, such as atmosphere, ocean, geo-biochemistry, hydrology, sea-ice and ice-sheet models, as well as coupled Earth System Models (ESMs). It also includes the functionality to write unified runscripts to carry out model simulations for different model setups (standalone and ESMs) on different High Performance Computing (HPC) systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ESM-Tools` is a collection of command-line tools to download and build different simulation models for the Earth system, such as atmosphere, ocean, biogeochemistry, hydrology, sea-ice and ice-sheet models, as well as coupled Earth System Models (ESMs). It also includes the functionality to write unified runscripts to carry out model simulations for different model setups (standalone and ESMs) on different High Performance Computing (HPC) systems.
```

Reviewer: isn't it normally spelled biogeochemistry?

`ESM-Tools` consists of the following command line tools:

+----------------+----------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------+
| Tool           | Description                                  | Documentation                              |
+================+==============================================+============================================+
| esm_tools      | Basic command to return information about    | :ref:`esm_tools:ESM Tools`                 |
|                | `ESM-Tools` and create config files.         |                                            |
+----------------+----------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------+

> | esm_master     | Command to download  and build a model or ESM| :ref:`esm_master:ESM Master`               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| esm_master     | Command to download and build a model or ESM | :ref:`esm_master:ESM Master`               |
```
